# 18-09-22 ZukBoard Weekly Meeting

## Time

8.00 p.m. to 8.30 p.m.

## Participants

@lucifer1004, @qianyuchang, @woooking, @yanzhou-share, @wuhao4433

## Topics

1. Github workflow
2. Collaboration tools
3. Plans

## Details

### Github workflow

@qianyuchang and @yanzhou-share are used to the 'fork-develop-merge-PR' workflow.

### Collaboration tools

#### Slack

The @Github bot at #zukboard has sent too many messages.
- This is due to @renovate, the dependency solution bot. Now that we have dealt with most of required package updates, there will be a lot fewer @Github messages.
- We need to know the newest states of issues and PRs, so the @Github bot is necessary.
  
We need to use Slack smarter.
- Start a thread for discussion.
- Use 'All threads' to get the latest information.
- Use @ to inform all involvers.
- Read 'Pinned Items' regularly.
- When mentioned, make a response within 12 hours (6 hours during weekday daytime).
  
#### Trello

We are going to abandon use of Trello, as Github milestones and projects can be a good substitute. We cannot use too many tools at the same time. (We need further discussion on whether we shall continue to use Quip or we can just use Github wikis instead.)

### Plans

- Issues will not specify designs, so @wuhao4433 needs to attach a detailed design to each feature.
- We need to compare Github milestones and projects, and decide which one to use in the future.
- We need to enable auto-tests.
- We need to enable auto-deploy. (Currently, we can use Travis for CI, Now for deployment and MLab for online mongo.)
